a sneak preview of the seattle art
museum one tonight at seven-thirty i
inside why we know Oh Aaron Brown Carrie
waffler at Wayne coding with John
Papageno mr. first nighter and the
Eyewitness News for you from your
24-hour news source this is highway news
live at eleven good evening again the
world of animation is very different
than when we SAT around the TV John I
gotta ask you what the heck is this
about it's about cartoons big guy
something we never really get too old
for yes indeedy like cars refrigerators
and everything else they don't make them
like they used to gang yeah those were
the days but my how things have changed
this is not the faculty lounge at MIT or
the IBM retirement home these are
cartoonists this is attack of the killer
tomatoes the first animation series done
completely on computers sorry bugs it
starts out the old-fashioned way with
the storyboard then it launches into
high tech nope ain't no brushes just
pucks that's right pucks this kind of
puck the background artists color by
computer using some 16 million colors
that's just a few more than are actually
in my Crayola box and they can move the
background in traditional animation this
is done with a camera here the computer
does it but it's still a machine I think
there's a possibility that will replace
the way things are done now it will
never replace the artists a computer
just doesn't have the art skill they're
still going to need your excellent
artists and animators you still have to
be able to draw with the computer
stylist instead of a pencil and it's
still a pain it still takes time and
motivation which is all around the
computer animates the drawing with sound
so the artist can check out their work
Ultra Nigel these rocks and yeah bone
appetit that's 60 drawings two seconds
of animation technology is always
changing and improving the process of
animation
but for me computer disks and micro
chips will never replace the searing wit
brilliance maturity and whacked-out
goofiness of the old masters the lab is
to kill the wabbit
kill the wabbit a mighty warrior of
great fighting style
ah might I inquire to asking what's up
doc now that's a cartoon
now who can argue with that Bugs Bunny
Bullwinkle George of the jungle those
were the best because they were done on
two levels see one was colorful pictures
for kids and then innuendo and jokes for
the old guys the hidden message I still
get up on Saturday mornings and watch
Bugs Bunny can you still find bugs bunny
huh oh yeah oh good oh he's all over the
place on Saturdays come on over we'll
sit in bar pajamas and we'll watch hi
this'll be in the paper tomorrow wanna
thank you okay let's not encourage them
to write about us at this point in our
lives encourage him to get real jobs go
ahead sorry don't